README.md, before:

minqlbot-plugins
================

A collection of plugins for minqlbot.

This is a repository of the default config file, the database tables (including an initialized empty database),
and more importantly the plugins themselves.

Documentation will come later.

Installation
============

Look at the [main repository](https://github.com/MinoMino/minqlbot) for instructions on how to use the bot.

Other Repositories
==================

My repository consists of plugins that agree with my idea of proper verbosity, behavior and so on. Thus, plugins by other authors that could be useful for you won't necessarily be here, so I recommend you take a look at the following repositories if there are any features you are missing, as they could possibly already have been implemented by someone else:

* [ixje's fork](https://github.com/ixje/minqlbot-plugins)
* [shamazar's fork](https://github.com/shamazar/minqlbot-plugins)
* [WalkerX's fork](https://github.com/WalkerY/minqlbot-plugins)
* [cstewart90's race plugin](https://github.com/cstewart90/minqlbot-race-plugin)
* It also doesn't hurt checking if there's activity in any of the [other forks](https://github.com/MinoMino/minqlbot-plugins/network/members) that I haven't listed.

Commit message:

Edited readme to include link to the command list.

README.md, after:

minqlbot-plugins
================

A collection of plugins for minqlbot.

This is a repository of the default config file, the database tables (including an initialized empty database),
and more importantly the plugins themselves.

The command list can be found [over here](http://github.com/MinoMino/minqlbot/wiki/Command-List). Note that not all plugins in the command list are necessarily loaded by default. Edit the config's `Plugins` field to make it the various plugins load on launch.

Documentation will come later.

Installation
============

Look at the [main repository](https://github.com/MinoMino/minqlbot) for instructions on how to use the bot.

Other Repositories
==================

My repository consists of plugins that agree with my idea of proper verbosity, behavior and so on. Thus, plugins by other authors that could be useful for you won't necessarily be here, so I recommend you take a look at the following repositories if there are any features you are missing, as they could possibly already have been implemented by someone else:

* [ixje's fork](https://github.com/ixje/minqlbot-plugins)
* [shamazar's fork](https://github.com/shamazar/minqlbot-plugins)
* [WalkerX's fork](https://github.com/WalkerY/minqlbot-plugins)
* [cstewart90's race plugin](https://github.com/cstewart90/minqlbot-race-plugin)
* It also doesn't hurt checking if there's activity in any of the [other forks](https://github.com/MinoMino/minqlbot-plugins/network/members) that I haven't listed.
